Hi,

I wanted to clarify what I did for each part of the rubric so it's signifcantly 
easier for you to grade the project and it's easier for me to explain what I did. 
Hopefully I can get part marks for areas where I struggled. 

The one thing I had trouble implementing was the login system. I took what I could from the lecture
slides but I couldn't get it to work correctly. However, I still made 2 types of user accounts,
admin and student, and both of them have different roles and abilities.

Accounts:
(id=1, password=password, userType=admin)
(id=2, password=password, userType=student)


RUBRIC:
1. Responsive (2.5 marks): I used bootstrap for responsiveness across different screen sizes and used css to edit the look of things.

2. Two different level of users (5 marks): 2 users, admin and student. When you are logged in as a certain type of user, your header changes,
   giving you different options and capabilities. For admins, they have their own admin header and admin homepage. Students use header.php and admins use adminheader.php,
   alongside with differing homepages once they are logged in. To see the different views for admin and student, look at adminhome.php and home.php.
   I go into this in the next part below.
   
3. Transactions for each type of users (5 marks): I have 3 different types of transactions for Admins and Students. Admins are able to add books to the library(insert), 
   delete user from library(deletion), and are able to change a user's account type(update). Students are able to signout books(insertion), return books(which involves
   deletion) and change password(update).
   
4. Data Analysis and reporting techniques (5 marks): Under books section, I included a pie chart which shows the different genres of books in the library. Another reporting 
   and data technique is the different types of searches. I created 5 types of searches, search by book id, by title, by author, by genre, and by year. These 5 search types
   and the pie chart total 6 of the required reporting techniques. 
   
5. Some non-functional requirements (5 marks): Functions as a library website, I just couldn't get the login part correct but everything else works perfectly. 

6. Creativity and originality (2.5 marks): Pretty creative and geniune lol. 
   

